3.159.2 (#3545)
metalbear-co/mirrord: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## [3.159.2](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord/tree/3.159.2) - 2025-09-01

### Changed

- A mirrord session can now be terminated early if a remote DNS lookup fails
  with `permission denied` error.
  This error indicates that the Kubernetes cluster is hardened and the
  mirrord-agent might not be fully functional.
  The behavior is controlled with the `experimental.dns_permission_error_fatal`
  setting, and enabled by default in OSS.

> ### Fixed
> 
> - Fix compatability issue with openapiv2 for operator CRDs
>   [#3398](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord/issues/3398)
> 
> 
> ### Internal
> 
> - Add suggestion to use mfT when encountering `AgentError::IPTablesDirty` in
>   error message.
> - Added a github action to build windows builds.
> - Update all metalbear.co urls to metalbear.com.
> - Upgraded Frida dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed

- Fixed a compatability issue with openapiv2 for operator CRDs
  [#3398](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord/issues/3398)

### Internal

- Added a suggestion to use mfT when encountering `AgentError::IPTablesDirty` in
  error messages.
- Added a github action to build windows builds.
- Updated all metalbear.co urls to metalbear.com.
- Upgraded Frida dependency.
```
